---
layout: post
title: Smart Humans, Smart Phones & now Smart Homes
download_app: true
categories: [iot]
---

> *Catch the latest 2018 home automation and smart home trends here!*

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*yTrHuB6k1F05lmqhmdnfyQ.jpeg)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Credits: Freepik.com</span>

Smart Humans to Smart Phones, it was a journey indeed! In this expeditiously
advancing world, technology has left no stone un-turned to awestruck the
mankind, and the funny part is, the astonishing technology is nothing but
brainchild of mankind itself. Today when every solution is just a click away,
and user experience is continuously evolving in every sector, we cannot neglect
the user experience at homes. The latest home automation trends enable your
house to do everything it can to please and relax you.

According to Statista, the “Home Automation”, for US residents, is primarily
about **good connectivity **followed by** comfort and lighting**. The market
volume for “Smart Homes”/ “Home Automation” is around US$18,877m (as in 2018)
and United States is the market leader. While the world is getting trendy and
smart with all the smart home devices, we have gathered some top home automation
trend here for you

**1.** **Smart Lights for Smart Homes**

There is plethora of LED Smart lights in the market that offer a mix of colors
and effects that you can control remotely. Additionally, LEDs have a much longer
life than other types of lights and also consume less energy. Hue lights are one
of the latest ranges which are supported by exciting personalisation options.
Philips Hue lights come with huge range of options and can also integrate with
Amazon’s Alexa, Google Home, and Apple HomeKit (among many other smart home
platforms) so you can use your voice to change the lights. An app, [HueHello
(for Philips Hue Lights)](http://bit.ly/2pcKowr) simplifies your experience with
its easy to use features combined with exclusivity to design your own scenes.
You can explore the range of Philips Hue Lights **here as per country:
**[USA](http://amzn.to/2HzXoTF)** , **[U.K](http://amzn.to/2Drs5Ij)** ,
**[Germany](http://amzn.to/2IreLrd)** and
**[Canada](http://amzn.to/2Dt1pXt)**.**

**2.** **Smart Energy monitoring systems**

This system will be loved by most of you. It’s amazing to get real-time feedback
about the energy consumption of individual household appliances. This growing
trend in smart home automation enables monitoring home electricity unit
consumption which also creates awareness among family. Various sensors employed
can alert about usage of each and every family member from different
applications or devices in rooms and send this information to a mobile
application. You can check few products here as per country
[USA](http://amzn.to/2FJCL6U)**, **[U.K](http://amzn.to/2IrL0Xc)**,
**[Germany](http://amzn.to/2tPiTxO)** and **[Canada](http://amzn.to/2pfaHBx).

**3.** **Smart Voice recognition and activation**

Voice based activations systems are on roll. In context to home automation,
people largely use this for home security but its application to other household
appliances in growing rapidly. Voice based activation systems help you control
lights, temperature with your voice as long as you are authorized and recognized
to do so by the system. You can check few products as per country
[USA](http://amzn.to/2FLxps8)**, **[U.K](http://amzn.to/2FFqgt5)**,
**[Germany](http://amzn.to/2pene8h)** and **[Canada](http://amzn.to/2peIv2g).

**4.** **Smart Kitchens**

From Wi-Fi ovens to smart refrigerators, smart kitchens allow you to manage
cooking, food and dietary requirements, easily and seamlessly. Many smart
refrigerators come with features including food tracking, family schedule
management, and recipe recommendations as well as cooking reminders. You can
check few products as per country [USA](http://amzn.to/2FRfof8)**,
**[U.K](http://amzn.to/2tPGJtm)**, **[Germany](http://amzn.to/2IsFp2C)** and
**[Canada](http://amzn.to/2HCxVJw).

**5.** **Smart Home is becoming Smart Personalization**

In rapidly changing world, artificial intelligence is playing a huge role in the
world of home automation. It is the key ingredient in turning homes to smart
homes. For example, smart bulbs can read the behavior of user and automatically
turn lights on/off as per schedule. These bulbs turn lights if you have a
visitor at home. In the coming years home automation will be aimed at improving
energy consumption/efficiency at your home, ultimately helping you lead healthy
lives.

You can explore the range of Philips Hue Lights and other smart home items
**here as per country: **[USA](http://amzn.to/2HzXoTF)** ,
**[U.K](http://amzn.to/2Drs5Ij)** , **[Germany](http://amzn.to/2IreLrd)** and
**[Canada](http://amzn.to/2Dt1pXt)**.**

