---
layout: post
title: Philips Hue Lights - Top Hue Lights which are right for you
download_app: true
categories: [iot]
---

> *Philips Hue has a tremendous range of products but here is what is best for
> you...*

Within no time, Philips Hue Lights have got this new feature, called ‘Philips
Hue Entertainment’ that take the Hue experience to a new level all together! The
‘Philips Hue Entertainment System’ pairs up with media devices to deliver
dynamic and exciting lighting experience. Imagine lights going romantic
automatically when you listen to ‘My Heart will go on..’ and so, isn’t that
enthralling?

Philips Hue Lights is known to be tying-up with several gaming and entertainment
creators to enhance the consumer lighting experience and Razer Chroma is first
on the list. You can sync your Philips Hue lights to the devices, like Mac or PC
and sync your lights as per the content you’re watching.

Meanwhile, let’s explore the range of Hue Lights and accessories that we must
collect. To experience the Philips Hue Entertainment system, here are the
recommendations for the Philips Hue Lights that you should buy!

**Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance**

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*RpZLoqvuxMTAAiCNKrXiFg.jpeg)

Even if you have previous generation of Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance
lights, you can connect them with the Philips Hue Entertainment System, but for
the best experience of entertainment the third generation of Philips Hue White
and Color Ambiance lights is the best. These bulbs offer better colors-
particularly green and blue are brighter. Also, the response rate is improved.
For richest experience of lighting, you should definitely buy these bulbs.

Depending on the lighting layout at your house, you can check BR30 (Flood
Light), A19 (Standard), and E12 Bulbs (Candelabra). You can buy them on amazon
**here **[USA](https://amzn.to/2pPGCJa)**,
**[Canada](https://amzn.to/2pPt2Gx)**, **[UK](https://amzn.to/2uA7jXY)**,
**[Germany](https://amzn.to/2IeGaM6)**.**

**Philips Hue Light Strip Plus**

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*4ybinj_UWT38ZrMIK296xQ.jpeg)

As you may know that this is 80-inch light strip, which can bend and adjust as
per your need. The Philips Hue Light Strip Plus kit, which cost $85 offers
dynamic lighting experiences, suitable for your home theatre or television. This
series of colorful LEDs are sufficiently bright and offer enough light to
radiate your entire room.

A 40-inch version of similar lights is also available, which you can buy if you
wish to extend the strip. The 40-inch Philips Hue Light Strip Plus kit will cost
another $40 but the long life and energy efficiency offered makes the Philips
Hue Lights worth every penny. These light strips come with an extension wire
that makes it easier to wrap the lights at individual positions and places
around you home.

**White and Color Ambiance beyond Table Lamp**

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*nMKbZHmzcueuQOEzF0aLqA.png)

Philips Hue beyond Table Lamp is a combination of two light sources, which
provides millions of color and costs around $200. Every shade you can wish for
is available with this white and color ambiance range. The two light sources can
be controlled independently and provides 500 lumens on light output.

Philips Hue beyond Table Lamp is available in pendant and ceiling light style
and they will cost you $350 and $300 respectively. Buy **here
**[USA](https://amzn.to/2pPGCJa)**, **[Canada](https://amzn.to/2pPt2Gx)**,
**[UK](https://amzn.to/2uA7jXY)**, **[Germany](https://amzn.to/2IeGaM6)**.**

**White and Color Ambiance Bloom**

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*PIuRYTC8xNdNlpVLmQd-lA.png)

The Philip Hue Bloom is a versatile in its own way, and is the best light for
your Philips Hue Entertainment system. It literally paints you home with colors.
You just need to plug in these lights and rest will be take care. With plethora
of color schemes, these lights at $60 offer sufficient luminance sufficient to
light every corner of your house.Buy **here **[USA](https://amzn.to/2pPGCJa)**,
**[Canada](https://amzn.to/2pPt2Gx)**, **[UK](https://amzn.to/2uA7jXY)**,
**[Germany](https://amzn.to/2IeGaM6)

**White and Color Ambiance Go**

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*kpcks4JWnPJFs-91nYQUqQ.jpeg)

The Philips Hue Go lights are a better version of Philips Hue Bloom. The Philips
Hue Go lights are **chargeable** and **portable**; so that you can carry these
lights anywhere you want, for camping, for picnic and again with luminance
enough to glow every corner of the place.

In case, you don’t have enough sockets or lamps at some place in your house, and
you would like to have them, this $80 Philips Hue Go is the perfect choice for
your Philips Hue Entertainment System.

I hope this has helped you decide your Philips Hue Light. You can check the
range of these lights on **amazon** 
**[USA](https://amzn.to/2pPGCJa)**,**[Canada](https://amzn.to/2pPt2Gx)**,
**[UK](https://amzn.to/2uA7jXY)**, **[Germany](https://amzn.to/2IeGaM6)

Once you get the right lights for your Philip Hue Entertainment, check out this
space for a detailed guide for setting-up the Philips Hue Entertainment System.

Share your thoughts with us!

{: .box-bordered}
**Buy Lights on amazon here**
**[USA](https://amzn.to/2pPGCJa)**, **[Canada](https://amzn.to/2pPt2Gx)**,
**[UK](https://amzn.to/2uA7jXY)**, **[Germany](https://amzn.to/2IeGaM6)**