---
layout: post
title: Hue Lights- Smart Lights for Smart Home
download_app: true
categories: [iot]
---

> **Philips Hue Lights for the best wireless personalized lighting experience**

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*jM7W0ThVccxaATKPJqefYg.jpeg)

Lights are quintessential parts of our home. Imagine one day without light? Home
automation is taking the experience of light at home to next level, to smart
level through smart lights. And if you are planning to build a smart home, smart
lights can be your first step to it. Here is a descriptive detail about smart
lights and its usage.

**What are smart lights?**

Smart Lights are internet governed lights that allow you to control, customize,
and schedule the working of lights at your home remotely. These lights can be
integrated with Wi-Fi/Bluetooth or, any proprietary connection and can be
controlled through a mobile application that is programmed to change the output
of smart lights in a specific manner. Additionally, the smart lights are also
supplemented with features like built-in cameras, built-in speakers,
human-sensing capability etc.Many smart lights are so programmed, that you can
control brightness as well as RBG color and create your own scenes by using the
app.

**Why smart lights?**

Smart lights are like next generation of lights, which are energy–efficient and
convenient. The have longer life compared to regular LEDs and most importantly
easy to organize. You can also monitor and track the energy consumption of these
lights. Though it is need driven, smart lights are gradually becoming
indispensable part of home automation.

**Which smart lights are right for you?**

Since the consumers are aggressively looking for the energy-efficient smart
light bulbs, the market players of this segment have developed more of these
lights to lock the consumers into this new ecosystem of smartphone-controlled
smart lights. But all these bulbs are neither created equally, nor have
sufficient amount of corresponding software. This list of smart lights includes
**Philips Hue, Connected Cree LED Bulbs, and Osram Lightify** etc.

I will share a quick feedback of these three that will help you make a wiser
choice.

**-Philips Hue**: This is one of the best developed smart lights, aesthetically
appealing with appropriate quantity of illumination on offer. Though the lights
are priced a bit higher, the experience on offer is worth every single penny.
One can experience the joy of these lights through the connected app. Although
Philips has its own app, I would recommend trying Hue Hello (For Philips Hue
Light). Hue Hello (For Philips Hue Light) is an easy to use platform with
plethora of customisation options. **Buy Here-
**[UK](https://amzn.to/2uWeTfA)**, **[US](https://amzn.to/2HjnBHk)**,
**[Canada](https://amzn.to/2IFMQTp)**, **[Germany](https://amzn.to/2EvTCZC)

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*clH7HATDJIV9s6ttDMexVw.png)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Philips Hue Lights</span>

**-Connected Cree LED Bulbs**: It is cheapest of the lost and comes with wide
range of control options and doesn’t need a starter kit. But unlike the usual
Cree LEDs, the Connected Cree Led Bulbs don’t dim very well on the dimmer
switches. It doesn’t need any starter kit but the energy efficiency is less
compared to the other two. Although the aesthetics are not appealing but they
are not that bad either, if you are looking something comfortable for pocket you
can **buy them here- **[US](https://amzn.to/2EwhmwL)**,
**[UK](https://amzn.to/2EwhmwL)**, **[Canada](https://amzn.to/2qgAzhM)**,
**[Germany](https://amzn.to/2GPxxHC)

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*6FLMa9K2b9xaz6-qv3owIw.png)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Cree Connected Lights</span>

**-Osram Lightify**: It has the most affordable started kit and comes with
color-temperature controls. These are most energy efficient of the lot, but do
not come with a connecting platform or app which reduces the joy of having smart
lights.But if you like to go easy you can **buy them here-
**[US](https://amzn.to/2HmqmI0)**, **[UK](https://amzn.to/2Ew3qTe)**,
**[Canada](https://amzn.to/2GNtDPc)**, **[Germany](https://amzn.to/2qdp7DC)

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*RsObczyba62AjNJEW1BarA.png)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Osram Lightify</span>

-**Lifx**: This is another excellent range of bulbs, but the price is not
justifiable as per the product. It comes with many colors and throws enough to
lighten the darkest of places. Also, the connecting process to the Home Kit is
also a little more confusing. But give the price, you can get similar quality
lights at cheaper price.**Buy Here- **[US](https://amzn.to/2HafGyc)**,
**[UK](https://amzn.to/2IGyLFE)**, **[Canada](https://amzn.to/2EwhMTR)**,
**[Germany](https://amzn.to/2GMUhfi)

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*-B7Bo0cfx4JBp67cSYKKIg.png)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Lifx Lights</span>

Since, Philips Hue has a smarter experience on offer, here are how bouts about
the Philips Hue lights.

**Where should you buy the smart lights?**

You can easily find these lights on amazon. It is likely that you might fetch a
smart deal when you are buying them online here [UK](https://amzn.to/2uIShik),
[US](https://amzn.to/2JlxXXV), [Canada](https://amzn.to/2GCsfyX),
[Germany](https://amzn.to/2HcRp8A)

**How you use Philips Hue Lights?**

To use the Philips Hue, at first, you have to connect the Hue Bridge to your
wi-fi via internet. This is an added benefit because, since your smart lights
are physically connected to your router, your entire Hue system is unlikely to
go down. In case you currently don’t own the hue bridge, you can connect the
lights directly to the Amazon Echo Plus without the bridge. The bridge will be
needed if you wish to use additional features like lighting scenes and
third-party features. If you are new to Philips Hue lights, a starter kit is the
best way to begin with.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*b3kMBMyVS4-J3Vx9HwW_jA.png)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Starter Kit</span>

**Which mobile app is best for Philips Hue Lights?**

As already talked about, Hue Hello ( For Philips Hue Lights) is an amazing app,
that offers personalized experience with several customization options. You must
[download the app](http://bit.ly/2uY4YGq) and feel the difference.Stay tuned for
more updates

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*I-Xrzdr6eTkJKxZfiZLGNQ.png)
<span class="figcaption_hack">Hue Says Hello! Hue Hello (For Philips Hue Light)</span>

### Buy Lights on amazon here [UK](https://amzn.to/2HjnBHk),
[US](https://amzn.to/2uWeTfA), [Canada](https://amzn.to/2IFMQTp),
[Germany](https://amzn.to/2EvTCZC)

