apps/huehello/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: HueHello
subtitle: Get more from your philips hue lights
bigimg: /img/huehello/huehello_app_big_img.webp
download_app: true
---
This app is designed with care and features are added as per user requests. More than 98% of our users are satisfied.
Quick summary of features: Friendly user interface, Widgets, Quick tiles, App shortcuts,
Custom Scenes, Preset Scenes, Light Alarm, Routines and more to come


Highlights:
- Home switch, Control complete home with one button
- Hue Widget, Notification and Quick tile
- Configure Hue Dimmer switch with one tap
- 7 App themes
- Control lights out of home with Philips account
- Smart Notification
- Ad-free, experience matters

Scenes
This hue app comes with few preset of scenes to enrich your lights experience like a Hue pro. Yes, you can create custom scene.
- Create Custom scenes and let your creativity fly
- 24 scenes for your lovely home
- 800+ scene color palette, the ultimate level customisation
- Shuffle scene lights and get fresh ambiance everytime
- Set multiple scenes in one group
- Set the same scene in multiple groups
- Living Scene / Animated Scene : Unlimited possibilities in your rooms with scene effects

One tap features - Save Time :
- Quick tiles for Android 7 and above, Control lights without opening up app
- Create Shortcut inside app and use your app like hue remote control
- 12 Hue Widgets for hue lights, No need to open app

Schedule and Routine
- Automate your life with lights
- Set alarm or timer and let your lights remind you, example: Cooking, Wake up, Seeping, Shower

Requirements
• Philips Hue bridge
• Philips Hue lights 
• Wi-Fi network
• Android 5.0+

Language Support
• English and German
• More languages coming soon, contact us for any question

{: .box-plain .link-no-color}
### [Click here for Blogs](/blogs/huehello)

Commit message:

added plugin support section in huehello app page

apps/huehello/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: HueHello
subtitle: Get more from your philips hue lights
bigimg: /img/huehello/huehello_app_big_img.webp
download_app: true
---
This app is designed with care and features are added as per user requests. More than 98% of our users are satisfied.
Quick summary of features: Friendly user interface, Widgets, Quick tiles, App shortcuts,
Custom Scenes, Preset Scenes, Light Alarm, Routines and more to come


Highlights:
- Home switch, Control complete home with one button
- Hue Widget, Notification and Quick tile
- Configure Hue Dimmer switch with one tap
- 7 App themes
- Control lights out of home with Philips account
- Smart Notification
- Ad-free, experience matters

### Scenes
This hue app comes with few preset of scenes to enrich your lights experience like a Hue pro. Yes, you can create custom scene.
- Create Custom scenes and let your creativity fly
- 24 scenes for your lovely home
- 800+ scene color palette, the ultimate level customisation
- Shuffle scene lights and get fresh ambiance everytime
- Set multiple scenes in one group
- Set the same scene in multiple groups
- Living Scene / Animated Scene : Unlimited possibilities in your rooms with scene effects

### One tap features - Save Time :
- Quick tiles for Android 7 and above, Control lights without opening up app
- Create Shortcut inside app and use your app like hue remote control
- 12 Hue Widgets for hue lights, No need to open app

### Schedule and Routine
- Automate your life with lights
- Set alarm or timer and let your lights remind you, example: Cooking, Wake up, Seeping, Shower

### Plugin Support
HueHello is not just an app, it is a platform for Philips Hue lights. We support following plugins as of now:

- Tasker (Automate your life with lights)
- Config (Know inside of philips bridge)
- Scary (Scary sound with light)
- Gallery (Immersive experience of watching your photos with lights)
- Meditate (Let light help you calm down)


Requirements
• Philips Hue bridge
• Philips Hue lights 
• Wi-Fi network
• Android 5.0+

Language Support
• English and German
• More languages coming soon, contact us for any question

{: .box-plain .link-no-color}
### [Click here for Blogs](/blogs/huehello)
